the location of the star have caught attention of some astronomers .
the location of the stars have caught attention of some astronomers .
the sound of the string are so gorgeous on this guitar .
the sound of the strings are so gorgeous on this guitar .
the cause of the problem were investigated thoroughly .
the cause of the problems were investigated thoroughly .
the review of the exhibition are too pedantic for the readers .
the review of the exhibitions are too pedantic for the readers .
the speech of the candidate are summarized in the news show today .
the speech of the candidates are summarized in the news show today .
the test of the device were carried out before packaging .
the test of the devices were carried out before packaging .
the director of the film have planned to hold an audition this week .
the director of the films have planned to hold an audition this week .
the teacher of the student are attending a workshop on active learning .
the teacher of the students are attending a workshop on active learning .
the photo of the mountain are displayed in an exhibition at the gallery .
the photo of the mountains are displayed in an exhibition at the gallery .
the editor of the book have been invited to the seminar .
the editor of the books have been invited to the seminar .
the host of the show were nominated for an award .
the host of the shows were nominated for an award .
the judge of the competition are the same as last year .
the judge of the competitions are the same as last year .
the friend of the actor have come to see the play .
the friend of the actors have come to see the play .
the bone of the dinosaur are on display at the natural history museum .
the bone of the dinosaurs are on display at the natural history museum .
the doubt about the product were completely expected .
the doubt about the products were completely expected .
the article about the discovery are very easy to read .
the article about the discoveries are very easy to read .
the story about the scientist have inspired many people .
the story about the scientists have inspired many people .
the alarm in the station have been maintained regularly .
the alarm in the stations have been maintained regularly .
the musician in the orchestra are organizing a community concert .
the musician in the orchestras are organizing a community concert .
the character in the episode were too chaotic .
the character in the episodes were too chaotic .
the picture in the album remind them of the days they spent together .
the picture in the albums remind them of the days they spent together .
the player in the game have won several championships .
the player in the games have won several championships .
the bee in the flower are collecting pollen .
the bee in the flowers are collecting pollen .
the rug under the chair are handmade from wool and silk .
the rug under the chairs are handmade from wool and silk .
the bench under the tree are cleaned everyday .
the bench under the trees are cleaned everyday .
the tunnel under the lake have cost a lot of money beyond enigeering challenges .
the tunnel under the lakes have cost a lot of money beyond enigeering challenges .
the cafe near the shop have got popular around the neighbourhood .
the cafe near the shops have got popular around the neighbourhood .
the key to the office are on the table .
the key to the offices are on the table .
the door to the room look very festive with the decorations .
the door to the rooms look very festive with the decorations .
the tour to the island were suspended temporarily .
the tour to the islands were suspended temporarily .
the visit to the garden have sparked her interest in botany .
the visit to the gardens have sparked her interest in botany .
the letter to the editor are published online .
the letter to the editors are published online .
the applicant to the school have received emails about financial assistance .
the applicant to the schools have received emails about financial assistance .
the railway to the village have promoted economic growth .
the railway to the villages have promoted economic growth .
the trail to the pond are highly recommended for beginner cyclists .
the trail to the ponds are highly recommended for beginner cyclists .
the gift for the kid are hidden under the bed .
the gift for the kids are hidden under the bed .
the cake for the family were prepared by a local bakery .
the cake for the families were prepared by a local bakery .
the ticket for the game were ordered online .
the ticket for the games were ordered online .
the exam for the student were challenging but interesting .
the exam for the students were challenging but interesting .
the prize for the winner are a big surprise .
the prize for the winners are a big surprise .
the plan for the event were discussed at a group meeting .
the plan for the events were discussed at a group meeting .
the wine on the table are from napa valley .
the wine on the tables are from napa valley .
the magazine on the shelf were moved to a different place .
the magazine on the shelves were moved to a different place .
the pebble on the beach are up to 200 million years old .
the pebble on the beaches are up to 200 million years old .
the label on the box are positioned properly before shipping .
the label on the boxes are positioned properly before shipping .
the painting on the wall were taken down during the renovation .
the painting on the walls were taken down during the renovation .
the slogan on the poster are printed in larger font .
the slogan on the posters are printed in larger font .
the debate with the lawyer are broadcast live on the radio .
the debate with the lawyers are broadcast live on the radio .
the contract with the company have been examined carefully by a legal consultant .
the contract with the companies have been examined carefully by a legal consultant .
the project with the team have been very successful .
the project with the teams have been very successful .
the rehearsal with the band are rescheduled .
the rehearsal with the bands are rescheduled .
the lawsuit against the company were resolved in court .
the lawsuit against the companies were resolved in court .
the vote against the measure are indicative of the ongoing miscommunication .
the vote against the measures are indicative of the ongoing miscommunication .
the complaint from the customer were filed in time .
the complaint from the customers were filed in time .
the question from the interviewer are too difficult .
the question from the interviewers are too difficult .
the waiter at the restaurant have cleaned the room .
the waiter at the restaurant have cleaned the room .
the bike at the station are broken .
the bike at the stations are broken .
the rice in the bowl are undercooked .
the rice in the bowl are undercooked .
the water in the bottle are too cold .
the water in the bottles are too cold .
the meeting between the senator are held in the conference room .
the meeting between the senators are held in the conference room .
