the tax law benefited from the businessman .
the businessman benefited from the tax law .
the businessman benefited the tax law .
the tax law benefited the businessman .
the intense practice benefited from the player .
the player benefited from the intense practice .
the player benefited the intense practice .
the intense practice benefited the player .
the extra time benefited from the child with a learning disability .
the child with a learning disability benefited from the extra time .
the child with a learning disability benefited the extra time .
the extra time benefited the child with a learning disability .
the bribes profited from the corrupt politicians .
the corrupt politicians profited from the bribes .
the corrupt politicians profited the bribes .
the bribes profited the corrupt politicians .
the contract profited from the business .
the business profited from the contract .
the business profited the contract .
the contract profited the business .
the tax reduction profited from the millionaire .
the millionaire profited from the tax reduction .
the millionaire profited the tax reduction .
the tax reduction profited the millionaire .
the new medicine deteriorated from the patient's condition .
the patient's condition deteriorated from the new medicine .
the patient's condition deteriorated the new medicine .
the new medicine deteriorated the patient's condition .
the bad lighting deteriorated from the woman's eyesight .
the woman's eyesight deteriorated from the bad lighting .
the woman's eyesight deteriorated the bad lighting .
the bad lighting deteriorated the woman's eyesight .
the long drought deteriorated from the soil .
the soil deteriorated from the long drought .
the soil deteriorated the long drought .
the long drought deteriorated the soil .
the washing machine shrank inside the new sweatshirt .
the new sweatshirt shrank inside the washing machine .
the new sweatshirt shrank the washing machine .
the washing machine shrank the new sweatshirt .
the dryer shrank inside the new cotton t-shirt .
the new cotton t-shirt shrank inside the dryer .
the new cotton t-shirt shrank the dryer .
the dryer shrank the new cotton t-shirt .
the chemotherapy shrank from the tumor .
the tumor shrank from the chemotherapy .
the tumor shrank the chemotherapy .
the chemotherapy shrank the tumor .
the hot stove melted from the plastic handle .
the plastic handled melted from the hot stove .
the plastic handle melted the hot stove .
the hot stove melted the plastic handle .
the hot coffee melted from the ice cream .
the ice cream melted from the hot coffee .
the ice cream melted the hot coffee .
the hot coffee melted the ice cream .
the microwave melted inside the butter .
the butter melted inside the microwave .
the butter melted the microwave .
the microwave melted the butter .
the humidity worsened from the eczema .
the eczema worsened from the humidity .
the eczema worsened the humidity .
the humidity worsened the eczema .
the construction noise worsened from the man's hearing .
the man's hearing worsened from the construction noise .
the man's hearing worsened the construction noise .
the construction noise worsened the man's hearing .
the earthquake shattered from the house .
the house shattered from the earthquake .
the house shattered the earthquake .
the earthquake shattered the house .
the oven defrosted inside the lasagna .
the lasagna defrosted inside the oven .
the lasagna defrosted the oven .
the oven defrosted the lasagna .
the microwave defrosted inside the broccoli .
the broccoli defrosted inside the microwave .
the broccoli defrosted the microwave .
the microwave defrosted the broccoli .
