the cook baked a cake lucy .
the cook baked lucy a cake .
the cook baked lucy for a cake .
the cook baked a cake for lucy .
the bartender poured a drink the customer .
the bartender poured the customer a drink .
the bartender poured the customer for a drink .
the bartender poured a drink for the customer .
the woman saved a seat her husband .
the woman saved her husband a seat .
the woman saved her husband for a seat .
the woman saved a seat for her husband .
the grandmother made a quilt her granddaughter .
the grandmother made her granddaughter a quilt .
the grandmother made her granddaughter for a quilt .
the grandmother made a quilt for her granddaughter .
the apprentice fetched a hammer the carpenter .
the apprentice fetched the carpenter a hammer .
the apprentice fetched the carpenter for a hammer .
the apprentice fetched a hammer for the carpenter .
the secretary ordered some office supplies the boss .
the secretary ordered the boss some office supplies .
the secretary ordered the boss for some office supplies .
the secretary ordered some office supplies for the boss .
the wife reserved a table her husband .
the wife reserved her husband a table .
the wife reserved her husband for a table .
the wife reserved table for her husband .
the father bought a bicycle his son .
the father bought his son a bicycle .
the father bought his son for a bicycle .
the father bought a bicycle for his son .
the charity built a house the hurricane victim .
the charity built the hurricane victim a house .
the charity built the hurricane victim for a house .
the charity built a house for the hurricane victim .
the waitress fixed a sandwich the customer .
the waitress fixed the customer a sandwich .
the waitress fixed the customer for a sandwich .
the waitress fixed a sandwich for the customer .
the grandmother baked some cookies the grandson .
the grandmother baked the grandson some cookies .
the grandmother baked the grandson for some cookies .
the grandmother baked some cookies for the grandson .
the nurse poured some water the old man .
the nurse poured the old man some water .
the nurse poured the old man for some water .
the nurse poured some water for the old man .
the receptionist saved some cake her co-worker .
the receptionist saved her co-worker some cake .
the receptionist saved her co-worker for some cake .
the receptionist saved some cake for her co-worker .
the seamstress made a dress her client .
the seamstress made her client a dress .
the seamstress made her client for a dress .
the seamstress made a dress for her client .
the lab-assistant fetched a test-tube the scientist .
the lab-assistant fetched the scientist a test-tube .
the lab-assistant fetched the scientist for a test-tube .
the lab-assistant fetched a test-tube for the scientist .
the man ordered some champagne his girlfriend .
the man ordered his girlfriend some champagne .
the man ordered his girlfriend for some champagne .
the man ordered some champagne for his girlfriend .
the travel agent reserved a flight the businessman .
the travel agent reserved the businessman a flight .
the travel agent reserved the businessman for a flight .
the travel agent reserved a flight for the businessman .
the boyfriend obtained some concert tickets his girlfriend .
the boyfriend obtained his girlfriend some concert tickets .
the boyfriend obtained his girlfriend for some concert tickets .
the boyfriend obtained some concert tickets for his girlfriend .
the church built a shelter the homeless .
the church built the homeless a shelter .
the church built the homeless for a shelter .
the church built a shelter for the homeless .
the babysitter fixed some lunch the child .
the babysitter fixed the child some lunch .
the babysitter fixed the child for some lunch .
the babysitter fixed some lunch for the child .
